Hi welcome to my course on A W-S with Python and both are three working with RLDS and Dynamo D.B and
this course we're going to learn how to manipulate and how to work with RLDS or relational database
service from A W-S.
And once we finish with RLDS we're going to move on to Dynamo D-B know C cool and highly available database
solution from AWOS while learning RLDS and Dynamo D-B with Python and both all three will be learning
and discovering lots of great benefits with PI charme ID and PI both are three which is the autocomplete
feature for Python and both are three.
I designed this course to be where effective and very hands on and I believe you're going to like it.
So without further ado let's take a look at what we're going to cover in this course.
So I'll see you on the next with.